owning versus renting is something that's really going to depend on where
you're going Going. Thio. I bought my first house when I was in
Washington, and the house prices were pretty good. I think I I bought
mine for 300,000 and the rates were actually pretty high. Um, you
also wanna think about how long you going to stay there? So you have
to stay there for at least two years if you're going to sell the house
pretty soon and, um, not pay capital gains taxes, so things could
change. Obviously, these are all things that you might wanna discuss
with, um, attorney or some kind of lawyer who might give you better
information. Um, but you might wanna think about the prices, how
long you're gonna be staying there. You're going to stay there for a
long time. Then generally, it's it's always better toe by, um if you're
gonna just stay there for, let's say, uh, two or three years on
Lee and then you're sure that you're gonna leave from the state than
you might want to be renting, um, somewhere, um, above three years,
but below 10 years. Say, uh, you might want to consider owning